
Patita Idru
Photography


Colors I want to use for the webpage are marmol stone looking like. 
I feel like subtle whites and greys are stylish and make pics and visuals to stand out. 
I found two good background colors #F2F1EF", #B1A6A4.

Header:  #D8CFDO

Text:    I want fonts long elongated but not bolded. Something like this font style, sort of grey-black color.

Font-family: KohinoorLatin-Light,sans-serif
color: #1a1a1a

A good pixel size for H2 and H3 is probably around 24px
For paragraphs I am thinking I could use 15px.

------------
My portfolio

HOMEPAGE PATRICIA DRU
         PHOTOGRAPHY 

PORTFOLIO

Families - capture the special moment that will pass from generations to generations to come

Individual - make a pose and let me enhance your beauty. Headshots, modeling portfolio and more. 
 
Landscapes - You need a specific beautiful landscape for your business, living room or more. Tell me where is it and we can glorify it to eternity.



ABOUT ME:

When I was little I was fascinated by polaroids. Longed to have a dark room to process my own photos. I used to take pictures of my dolls and my family.
Many decades later, it is amazing to see the technology progress and how taking pictures has a more meaningful importance in our lives.
With a passion for beauty and balance, I will be sure your photographs are unforgettable. Let's aim to represent your vision, enhance your beauty and capture that special moment you never want to forget.  

To download my resume--> click here 

Picture 



CONTACT US:

Questions/Comments or to schedule an appointment
Send us an email to : patitadru@gmail.com



Media:
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram



-------------------------------


Portfolios I like : 

https://www.femmefatale.paris/en/project/easy-tiger

It is a French agency 

Header "the New Seventh art label"
Content or Main: Has a display of their movies and award projects they had 
Footer is the last part that displays movies, however it is hard to locate the footer int his website.

Images are big and outstanding. 
I like the dark background color and the fonts are white. They also have white background and dark letters. They use the font  Images are in color and they stand out. I particularly like one of the fonts "SolaneLthin"
I like that in the content they have short video that plays continuously and allows you to sneak peek into the movies without clicking in each one of them.



https://toughslatedesign.com/

It is a peach feminine website that seems romantic and elegant. 

I like that the footer in this one is very obvious and easy to find. It is less dramatic and more simple than the first portfolio. The other webpage  parts like header and navigation are also pretty obvious. I think that the websites and contents are easier to find but still retains visually elegant.



